what's up family how are you welcome
one more day to my channel I'm delighted to
be here one more day with you I hope
that you please support the channel if this is your
first time here you don't
know me can you subscribe it seems like a
completely stupid greeting I mean
imagine asking someone who has never
seen you in their life hey well look if you
stop by here subscribe you don't
know me at all I probably seem like an
[ __ ] subscribe even if you're not going to
see my videos not everything and it's a shame how
painful it is to ask but oh well sadder to
steal family to hear me that there is
little left now what a shame that
this is about to end or well let's see surely
by the time I'm watching this video
you will have already seen the last day of
judgment on Friday me studying
this on Thursday night yes it is
true that today yesterday they were
born especially spectacular
but I also don't believe the day that is left I
contribute much more surely the subject is
not yet completely over and will die
completely because we still have to see the
decision of the  jury if it's unanimous or not
if it goes on a little longer because they're not
clear and they have to think about it a
little more soon well we have
more things okay and especially in eye
on the Marilyn Manson issue which is what's
coming up soon as well and the
defamation lawsuit that he's filed I
told you in the video that I made Marilyn Manson to
tell me and if you'd like me to
do a second part to get
things going and find out what's
going on with that issue you have a video
that was spectacular you have to see it
look at the pinned comment because there he
left the lawsuit that Marilyn Manson
has filed against his ex-partner and what I said okay
if you want a second part of that
video I still have a lot more material
let me know in the
comments box and in the subscriptions and
those little things well first of all I
wanted to show you this image not on
Johnnie Deattie's Instagram account
I think it's grown like 3 million that is to
say that you if I'm not mistaken 3
million followers in these weeks
of trial be the support is  being
brutal what has been done in this
trial has been completely pathetic and
completely ridiculous I understand that
someone is not going to recognize a
defamation sitting there with all the
grapefruit in front of the judge and try to
fight it based on the arguments they
may have or at least from their
perspective but it is that she has been left as
a complete liar by the way elche
instagram is mine if you want to do it
being the same as johnny depp's I would not
mind elsa I am happy with the
peak I am not asking you to grow the 18 3
million that I have with the peak the
coma 3 already as I feel comfortable okay already
calmly as if you see today there have been
several trends once again
related to the subject of the trial
especially camille I love it because she
is being the lawyer of the moment who would
not hire camille after everything we have
lived through with her today she has
destroyed amber again here when we
will talk about it and she gives her a beating
for what we are going I do not even understand it she
made me laugh a lot because the two
have coincided in the locker room and it seems
that they have come to an agreement  or they have
put on some kind of uniform because they are
dressed the same they are called
dresses not only with the same tone
of jacket but even with the same
details we were talking at the
beginning of the trial how she seemed to
imitate the clothes that he had worn in
other previous judicial processes
but in this one it has to be a total
coincidence because there is no way to
notify as I was saying you
are living this video and surely
at this moment they are broadcasting the
last day on Friday but
while I am recording it it is
Thursday night tomorrow
the last closing arguments will be given and
the court will begin to deliberate
effective Monday for them is Veterans Day
but it is expected that
we will have a verdict during the next
week it will surely not be on Tuesday
either and it will take a few days
depending on how clear they have it and
what they have to discuss but
next week is coming strong
we will see what happens today
we had Dr. Gilberto Disveld
who explained that it is possible that by
throwing a bottle at this person he
cut his finger due to the
position in which he  was in her hands
due to the speed of the edge of
it is perfectly consistent with what they
are saying regarding the wound she has it is
worth noting that at this
point in which we are going to see has already given
a few versions on the subject
of the little bottle of the cut finger therefore it is impossible for anyone to believe her but in this or in anything we remember that during the trial with the sun she was declaring that I would not have cut it off by hitting a phone against the wall in this trial suddenly and
magically amber and her lawyers say
that they have no idea how I
had not even cut my finger she says that she went
to her room and that the
next day when she saw Johnny again
he had the worn out armchair and
would have destroyed a phone that by the
way nobody remembers only ambert and I would
not have hit this phone against
the wall there would have been enough damage to the
hand punching the wall I don't know
citizen never for doing something similar
but it seems that hitting a wall
with great force left some marks on
the knuckles here on screen to be
exposing the three versions well
some of the versions that have been given
shoot the video yes  you want to read we
can see that initially she said that I had
n't even cut my finger hitting
a wall then later she changed her
version and a plastic phone appeared
when she was hitting the wall
a phone that doesn't appear in any
photo and that according to her was only
decorative since there was a
real phone very close that was left intact it wouldn't
make much sense for another
real phone to exist and the fact is that
these people have them at home as well as
very nice designs and such that they are
super cool the other day not live we
were watching images of this one's
apartment in Los Angeles
spectacular not the famous apartment
where most of the
episodes have taken place and where they asked him in the
elevator to the most and so on at what
point did someone advise him in a
room or wherever the hell he was that he
had a phone a meter and a half away at what
point did someone advise him to put another
decorative phone having a real one
a step closer by bringing his hand closer and well
now both she and her lawyer do
n't know how I cut my finger or
that the phone thing was real but that
she only realized about the finger
the next day and she doesn't know how she got it
did or rather according to some of the
versions she had realized I did
this we have heard this in audio do you
remember that we have heard in audios
already with the doctors and such that they are
looking for the piece of the finger but according to what
she says in this trial she went to
bed so peacefully somehow she
forgot that Lyon and had cut her
finger she left it there and then the
next day she came back I don't understand anything every
time someone shows her a photo and
asks her where the phone was
she always says that the phone was
right behind the person who took
the photo I think that with the explanation of the
doctor brought as a witness by Johnny
plus all the evidence that has already been
shown it is possible that this injury was
caused by a thrown bottle
Julian Esker is a metadata expert
who has brought to light and his time and the
truth is that the man has been put in a
pretty difficult position the man
was trying to argue in fact he
had a long explanation that has not
served much because the photo that he
presented to Amber in court would be
original and he gave a series of
explanations that in the end well I
tell you they were of no use  for nothing
is reported of lost days factor of 10
years uruguay of axl will leave only of the
forums prius for teacher lee westwood
of the delicate forum that the legislator does not like
explanation
dyn
efe
probably the
best of
life after hector gas to live
efe
this week
[Music]
of 23 active soccer in forums bad baby of
del viso and of france I
had the forums of
jackson
water
jackson that the edition of data of
said emergencies we were already talking
at the time the other day about this
photograph that they caught amber that she
has delivered
manipulated to the court that is to say the
original photograph in which she is
lighter with a more natural color and the
other photograph has the saturation of her
life to make it seem that the measure
has her more blushed because we go there you also cannot
see any monitor or any
blow when they asked amber
why she had delivered the photo to the
court as manipulated evidence the aunt
with everything she knew told me that it was not in
the same photo that they were two photos that
looked similar but there are two photos  different
with all the balls, I mean, I'm
just a person who laughs like
this, not only at
abused women, which is
incredibly disrespectful to this lady, any
person who has suffered abuse, but to
laugh like this at the US justice system. I know
how are you going to hand over evidence manipulated
with photoshop or photos, be careful with the
program, how are you going to hand over
edited evidence? This is a video from a
team of lawyers who are having a
lot of success broadcasting the
trial at the same time, here they are
more or less checking the two
photographs, not putting one of the
other. It's not true either, what does
this seem to me? It seems to me with the issue of how the
hell are you going to deny that he was born in the photo,
this is not holding back or enjoying
people's intelligence. I'm
telling you from my point of view, it's
simply with this and with other
photographs that she has also brought,
simulated, for me the trial should have been
closed on the first day that she
was in this photo and she should have been condemned
with everything that the plaintiff was asking for. You
can't have
so little respect for justice, obviously,
explain a little bit.  moved
metadata in a very tacky and
vulgar way but oh well I'm going to try to see
the thing that any original photo
that we have in a folder or whatever is
worth any photo that has not been
passed or processed by any
editing program has some metadata okay
this has a name what you're going to see I do
n't know how to say it exactly is what it's
called the guy made the expert has
said there in the statement life gives you
the exact date of the capture okay or rather
the date on which I was taking
this photo on August 9, 2012 at 4
in the afternoon in the name of the program I
imagine it's the camera hardware
then we see here in the resolution and
things and we even see we go to the
camera manufacturer the camera model and
all the settings that the
camera has look you see well all this apparently
when the photos are already edited and
re processed by several programs it
disappears because it's not the original photo
sometimes as you have seen some
metadata does remain but not
all of it Amber has also come up to testify
after crying for a while and  She makes several
excuses as if she had wanted to leak
the video she would have done it long
before in a much bigger way
just a few minutes before saying that she didn't
know how to leak something anyway this
girl doing her thing I can think of few
more effective ways to leak something and
make it viral than sending the TMC she is
nothing more and nothing less than an expert in
this type of things and then of course
Camille who is the lawyer that we all
want to hire in the
cross-examination she pointed out the
difference in the photos between the day that they
took the photos of her at the
door of the court which has already been
proven you can see in the
previous video that she was the one who notified the
press to
ask her to arrive there to file for
divorce even though she took these
photographs with sad faces we are now
talking about these photographs
that were obviously posed
because she notified the press to
be there taking her picture she
made this sad face and
the bruise could be seen and these photos in which she does not
have a bruise at all and she is
smiling and happy with some friends well they
are exactly from the next day
by the press as well  I want to remind you of
this red that I also posted in the
previous video, but I think it's
perfect to
remember it at this point in the video
because we're going to come to a conclusion.
She makes a mistake and calls her
makeup kit that she always carried the
shade she always used for bruises.
She called it a bruise kit. When she
realizes she made a mistake, and for
sure, a moratorium kit. It's not here to
cover up my bruises,
and she justifies it, I mean, I don't see the
need to justify it if there's
nothing wrong with it. This is a photo presented
as evidence by
Amber Hearn's team. If we zoom in, we can notice something. It's a
gray
bruise kit. Bruise kits are
mainly used by
theater students, they include
dark pencils to better outline
bruises and even a sponge to give
texture. Basically, what she carried
helps us cover bruises, it's good to use it
to paint them, to make the notes
stronger. Following all the evidence we have,
everything points to the fact that on
May 27, 2016, Amber Hearn called the press
to take a photo of her with this
criminal face with that little thing that seems to be that she
had painted her face and the
next day  May 28th with a
clean face we can see that she had
absolutely nothing not even shame and to
this day what we can see is that she
has no shame either then she changes and
also brings up the subject of the photo
in the same photo or at least with the
objects placed in the same scenario in the
same position with the same light in
photos taken the same day photos that
she presented this we were also
talking about in the previous video clearly she
already presented the same photograph or
photograph of the same moment for two
different events first she tries to
lie camille her and finally she ends up
losing saying that she doesn't remember that I do
n't remember what to present I don't
remember when she presented that photo or if
she presented it she presented it
dyn I
love her sister Whitney's face
behind the one that cam and her sister is destroying her
with her own lies in
her own little mouth when this photograph was taken
December 2015 or May
2016 says amber and if they told me the
metadata I would discover it to which camila
destroys as if she were telling the
truth you would also know it
also makes amber unconsciously
in her response accept that she did write
the article  opinion by johnny depp and that's
literally why I wrote the
article about the lawsuit because of the huge
support that he was getting regarding
johnny on social media they would repeat
anything he said because he is
a powerful man I'll leave you with the weather
although
not how many team looking on facebook
and
as it is
probably one of the worst mistakes
well the worst mistake he has made is to
come in all the vices after
comparing he would concentrate then see he
states with all naturalness and with all
tranquility and with all certainty that at
least she has not been laughing
during the trial like she has done
I have no idea because it is a very serious matter
that she takes very seriously and it would
seem disrespectful here on
screen some
images are being put up but basically there are hundreds of
images of the trial flying around
social media in which amber is
decorating herself with laughter especially in one of
the last videos that we were
commenting on in fact we were talking
in fact not that she was decorating
while I was not even identifying
basically at this point the
only thing left for her to see is to say that
everyone in the trial has lied -
she accusing  to everyone of
course of false testimony and that's what she
did about Came's testimony the
aunt what she has assured is that Kate Moss
has come to this trial and has said what she
has said to scratch fame and
followers of Johnny that you will tell me I
had an aunt who is very well known throughout
the world for more than 30 years
although in recent years she has led her
life more private every time she does
something that is newsworthy or they do
anything publicly it is widely commented that she is going to
want to lie in a trial to
get followers another thing that
Amber said is that in recent years she has
been silenced by all the
media pressure and for turning against
Jong and when this is totally
false and we have seen on numerous
occasions how the press and many media outlets
echo what
she wants to echo there is a boy who
apparently will be watching the jury or
something like that because he puts this tweet
showing us the strange gestures that
some members of the jury are making
when Amber says the words I would
never lie to finish the video
I will leave you with this message that
Stephen Hunter published  on instagram is a
plateau worker who was accused
at the time of leaking the video
for years I was accused of being the one who
leaked certain details to tm something that I
always denied yesterday and t3 main ex dt
plateau confirmed that I always told the
truth in fact we found out that
someone else had been talking to
them it's funny how some people
like to accuse others of the same
things that they themselves are guilty of and
to put the icing on the cake or I can
leave on screen for the video if you
want the allegation that
the former boss and now ex-
friend of Amber's sister has made on her social networks for having
testified in favor of Johnny
basically in summary if you want you can stop
the screen as I say but
basically what she has been saying is that she
did it to do justice, that she has
told the truth and above all so that
men are not unjustly denounced and
slandered being innocent
so here's today's video family
will be waiting for the last day of
trial to see what conclusions they draw. I
think that now you have it very
complicated to look worse so nothing
family is saying a lot  From the
comment box, what do you think? Of course,
thank you very much for having reached this
point of the video, give it a like, subscribe,
if not, but in the next video
[Music]
[Applause]